I didn't kill anyone I'm not staying to
rest of my life in prison for something
I didn't do convicted murderer Neal
Simpson his head wrapped in mosquito
netting and a plastic diaper because of
a habit of spitting on people tells the
lorain county judge he would rather be
executed then spend the rest of his life
in prison for the june two thousand
seven robbery and murder of Lorraine
pizza shop owner Dave kowalczyk I have
two ways I prefer to be murder want to
be crucified from the courthouse for all
the sins all the time bitch throughout
the world and another way would be
stoned to death by the victim's family
and God make him feel good a jury
recommended on Monday that Simpsons life
be spared accepting the defense's claim
that is upbringing in a hostile
environment made him antisocial and
eventually capable of murder ironically
the act of mercy came one week after
Simpson spit on members of the jury and
cursed at them just as he was scheduled
to take the stand to ask for leniency
after being convicted of shooting Dave
kowalczyk in the head in the kitchen of
his restaurant my brother was a loving
kind person he did anything in the world
for anybody members of the victim's
family tell the judge that Neal Simpson
robbed them of a warm and giving loved
one Dave kowalczyk brother says even
though Simpson will now be punished for
the crime there are no victors in this
courtroom drama the one family they get
to see a son grandson a brother to
prison the other family may get to visit
her brother brother-in-law uncle and
friend in the cemetery I know in their
heart they think I feel defending them
I'm sorry for your loss but I had
nothing to do with your fan numbers good
Neal Simpsons requests to be executed is
rejected by the judge and he is
sentenced to life in prison without the
chance of parole lorain county
prosecutors say that's where he belongs
because he is the worst of the worst
people in society because it harder on
her is nothing more than encountered
someone had covered his face and walked
in and shot a defenseless man at close
range that's the true Neal sensit the
bravado he shows in court spitting on
jurors I really never had the misfortune
beating more follow piece of humanity
you